  RDoc.......................................................................
  ........................FFF................FFF.........F...................
  ........................FF.................FF...........E..................
  ..................FFFFF.FF....FFFFFF....FEFFFEF...FEEFFEE..................
  ................FF....FFFF...FE....FFF....FFF....FEF.......................
  ................FFF....FFF...FEF....FF.....FF......FFEEF...................
  ..................FEEEF.FFF....EEEEEF.......FEF........FFF.................
  ...................................................FFEEFF..................
  ................FFFFFEEEEEFFFFF.F..F.FFFFFEEEEEEFFFFF......................
  ..............F........F.FFFFEEEEEEEEEEFFFFF.F.............................
  .....................................................................ready!

Free progress dots for your scripts, <tt>Test::Unit</tt>-style.

http://github.com/stephencelis/dots


== Example

  % ruby -rubygems
  require "dots"
  require "open-uri"
  require "hpricot"

  File.open("alts.txt", "w") do |f|
    (1..10).each.with_dots do |n|
      doc = Hpricot open("http://www.qwantz.com/archive/%06d.html" % n)
      alt = (doc / "font img").pop["title"]
      raise "No alt text found!" if alt.nil?
      f.puts "%3d. %s" % [n, alt]
    end
  end
  ^D
  ..........
  Finished in 6.225932 seconds.

  10 total, 10 passed, 0 failed, 0 erred


== Usage

Swap out +each+ for +each_with_dots+, or, with enumerators, just add
+with_dots+; if you don't want to write to standard output, specify the IO as
an argument for +each_with_dots+ (or +with_dots+).

Raise nameless (i.e., +RuntimeError+) exceptions for potential failures.


== Extras

* <tt>require "dots/redgreen"</tt>
* <tt>require "dots/rainbows"</tt>
* <tt>require "dots/kaoemoji"</tt>

Oh, and for heavy, non-iterative processing:

  dots do
    # ...
  end


== Install

  % gem install dots


== License

(The MIT License)

(c) 2009-* Stephen Celis, stephen@stephencelis.com.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
